Deep Dive: Prometheus (#45)
tikv/website: content/deep-dive/monitoring/_index.md

---
title: Monitoring
weight: 9
---

> Monitoring is critical for large distributed systems like TiKV. It alarms ops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitoring is critical for large distributed systems like TiKV. It can alarm operators
```

Can we turn this into a list? "alarm operators when there is an abnormality, provide at-a-glance system health, and assist in performing diagnostics."

---
title: Monitoring
weight: 9
---

Monitoring is critical for large distributed systems like TiKV. It can:

* present useful system health information
* alert operators to cluster anomalies
* help developers do issue diagnosis and performance tuning

TiKV uses [Prometheus] as the monitoring system and time series database. Data
visualization is achieved by [Grafana]. TiKV users usually also use the

> [Node exporter] to collect hardware and OS metrics and use the [Alertmanager]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Node exporter] to collect hardware and OS metrics, as well as the [Alertmanager]
```
